This is a much longer file with substantial repetitive content to test compression. 
This content repeats many patterns and phrases to ensure compression can work effectively.
When text has many repeated elements, compression can identify and optimize them.
The compression algorithm identifies repeated patterns and assigns shorter codes to them.
This file repeats content to demonstrate the compression. This file repeats content to demonstrate the compression. This file repeats content to demonstrate the compression.
The compression should recognize repeated patterns and compress them. The compression should recognize repeated patterns and compress them.
When patterns repeat, compression gets more efficient. When patterns repeat, compression gets more efficient. When patterns repeat, compression gets more efficient.
This test has many repetitions of words like 'compression', 'patterns', 'repetition', and 'efficient'.
The more repetition, the better the compression ratio. The more repetition, the better the compression ratio.
Repeated words like compression, compression, compression help improve the compression ratio.
Repeated phrases like 'this is a test' and 'this is a test' also contribute to better compression.
Longer repeated structures provide even more compression potential in the UTCP format.
We want to thoroughly test if the format is working correctly for different types of content.
Compression works best on text files with significant repetition and structure.
Programming code typically compresses well due to repeated patterns, keywords, and structures.
This is a simple example to test basic functionality of the compression algorithm.
JavaScript functions often contain repeated patterns like 'function', 'return', 'const', etc.
For example: function testFunc() { const value = 'test'; return value; }
For example: function anotherFunc() { const value = 'test'; return value; }
For example: function thirdFunc() { const value = 'test'; return value; }
We have many repeated function patterns that should compress well with our algorithm.
Compression algorithms identify these patterns and use shorter references for them.
The UTCP format should be optimized for LLM token consumption while remaining readable to LLMs.
The goal is to reduce token count while maintaining context understanding for the LLM.
